PX-Backup docs (#1)
portworx/pxdocs-backup: content/install.md

---
title: Install PX-Backup
description: Get started with PX-Backup by installing it.
keywords: 
weight: 2
hidesections: true
disableprevnext: true
series: backup
---

## Prerequisites

> * Minimum versions: stork 2.4.0, PX-Enterprise 2.5.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stork 2.4.0 or newer
* PX-Enterprise 2.5.0 or newer
```

> * Refer to the PX-Central prerequisites for further requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PX-Central. Refer to the [Install PX-Central on-premises](https://docs.portworx.com/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/operate-and-maintain-on-kubernetes/pxcentral-onprem/install-pxcentral/) page for details.
```
